भारत सरकार
Government Of India
A
-
A
+
Lang
English
हिन्दी
भारतीय प्रतिस्पर्धा आयोग
Competition Commission of India
Contact Us
About CCI
Vision and Mission
The Commission
Who's Who
Organogram
Legal Framework
Antitrust
Combination
Competition Economics
Advocacy
Intl Co-operation
Capacity Building
Filing
Events
Careers
Media Gallery
Library Services
Our Vision
To promote and sustain an enabling competition culture through engagement and enforcement that would inspire businesses to be fair, competitive and innovative; enhance consumer welfare; and support economic growth.
Who We Are
Legal Framework
Institutional Framework
Antitrust
Regulation of Combinations
Competition Economics
Advocacy
International Cooperation
What We Do
Orders
Antitrust Orders
Combination Orders
Outreach
Market Studies and Research
Workshops and Conferences
Compliance Manual & Toolkit
Annual Reports
Engage with Us
Filing
Pre-Filing Consultations
Inspection and Certified Copies
Stakeholders Consultations
Journal
Annual National Economics Conference
Internship
Careers
Latest Updates
Whats New
Public Notices
Latest Events
Press Releases
Notice inviting public comments with respect to the commitment proposal submitted by the Opposite Party in Case No. 42 of 2023 titled The Film and Television Producers’ Guild of India Limited and PVR INOX Limited
Empanelled Institutions/Agencies for conducting Market Studies and Surveys
Call for Papers: 12th National Conference on Economics of Competition Law 2027 - Date Extended till 31st August 2026 for Submission for Papers
Gazette Notification published on 19 August 2026 regarding The Competition Commission of India (Commitment) Amendment Regulations, 2026
General Statement regarding The Competition Commission of India (Commitment) Amendment Regulations, 2026
Inviting Applications For Filling Up 02 Posts Of Member In The Competition Commission Of India
Modifications/Clarifications and extension of last date for REoI for Empanelment of Institutions/Agencies for conducting Market Studies and Surveys. Last Date: 17.08.2026 (05:00 P.M)
Notice Inviting Public Comments on the Commitment Application Submitted by InterGlobe Aviation Limited in Case No. 44 of 2025 (Kartikeya Rawal v. InterGlobe Aviation Limited) Last Date: 13.08.2026
Notice inviting expression of interest for empanelment of Institutions/ Agencies with CCI for conducting market studies and surveys.
Consultation on "Draft Amendments to Competition Commission of India (Commitment) Regulations, 2024"
View All
Notice inviting public comments with respect to the commitment proposal submitted by the Opposite Party in Case No. 42 of 2023 titled The Film and Television Producers’ Guild of India Limited and PVR INOX Limited
Notice Inviting Public Comments on the Commitment Application Submitted by InterGlobe Aviation Limited in Case No. 44 of 2025 (Kartikeya Rawal v. InterGlobe Aviation Limited) Last Date: 13.08.2026
Notice for extended time for inviting public comments in case No. 42-2022 , Last Date: 01.09.2025
Notice inviting public comments with respect to the Commitment offer submitted by the Opposite parties in Case No 42 of 2022 titled Winzo Games Pvt. Ltd. v Google LLC and Ors.
Clarifications on Request for Proposal (RFP) of Market Study on Artificial Intelligence and Competition
Requirement of Advocates / Law Firms for Empanelment to represent the Competition Commission of India and Director General before various Courts and Tribunals.
Soliciting suggestions/ feedback/ comments/ inputs/ views from general public/ stakeholders on the draft competition commission of india (determination of turnover or income) regulations, 2023.
Public Interest Disclosure and Protection of Informers (PIDPI) Resolution
Brief reasons for engagement of interpreters of Chinese and Russian Language during 8th BRICS International Competition Conference on nomination basis under Rule 194 of GFR.
Notice of engaging Vidhi Centre for Legal Policy (VCLP) on nomination basis pursuant to MCA Letter No. C-31012/2/18-Vigilance/MCA and CVC Circular dated 06.04.2021
View All
State Resource Person of Telangana
Smt. Ravneet Kaur, Chairperson, CCI, delivered the Keynote Address during the workshop on Competition Law: Perspectives, Practices and Developments organized by IIULER, Goa on 07.09.2026.
Shri Deepak Anurag, Member, CCI, addressed Technical Session I on Role & Functions of CCI during the workshop on Competition Law: Perspectives, Practices and Developments organized by IIULER, Goa on 07.09.2026.
Shri Rajinder Kumar, Director (Eco), CCI, addressed Technical Session III on Cartels and Leniency during the workshop on Competition Law: Perspectives, Practices and Developments organized by IIULER, Goa on 07.09.2026.
Ms. Sweta Kakkad, Member, CCI, addressed Technical Session II on Competition Compliance during the workshop on Competition Law: Perspectives, Practices and Developments organized by IIULER, Goa on 07.09.2026.
Shri Kamal Sultanpuri, Deputy Director (Law), CCI, addressed Technical Session IV on Vertical Agreements and Abuse of Dominance during the workshop on Competition Law: Perspectives, Practices and Developments organized by IIULER, Goa on 07.09.2026.
Shri Rakesh Kumar, Adviser (Eco), Competition Commission of India, delivered a lecture on “Competition Law in Mergers & Acquisitions: A Guide for Chartered Accountants” at the EIRC of ICAI, Kolkata, West Bengal, on 02.09.2026.
CCI internship batch of August 2026 concluded on 31.08.2026 with presentations and award of certificates. There were Fifteen students in the batch from all over India.
State Resource Person of Telangana
View All
CCI directs Trustees’ Association of India, IDBI Trusteeship Services Limited, Axis Trustee Services Limited and SBI CAP Trustee Company Limited to cease and desist from anti-competitive conduct
Commission approves acquisition of Aseem Infrastructure Finance Limited by TPG Nicobar SG Pte. Ltd. and related transactions.
CCI approves acquisition of up to 100% equity shareholding of Apollo Fertility Centre Pvt. Ltd (AFCPL) and Apollo Specialty Hospitals Pvt. Ltd. (ASHPL) by Kids Clinic India Ltd. (KCIL) and related transactions
Commission approves acquisition of 100% stake in Kestrel Coal Group Pty Ltd. by Yancoal Australia Limited from certain sellers
CCI approves the acquisition of 100% of the share capital of Tao Digital Solutions Inc. by Cyient Limited
CCI imposes penalty on Rekha Agencies and SS Marketing for indulging in anti-competitive conduct in respect of Himachal Pradesh Tender 2013 for the procurement of tyres
CCI imposes monetary and non-monetary sanctions on Agro Input Dealers Association, Agro Input Welfare Association, Mr. Manmohan C. Kalantri and Mr. Arvindbhai Jerambhai Patel for indulging in anti competitive conduct
Commission approves acquisition of additional shareholding of Acko Technology & Services Private Limited by General Atlantic Singapore ACK Pte. Ltd.
Commission approves acquisition of certain equity shareholding in Bharti Life Insurance Company Limited by Prudential Corporation Holdings Limited
CCI approves acquisition of 23% equity shareholding of TM International Logistics Ltd. by Tata Steel Ltd
View All
Recent Events
More Links
RTI
Tenders
Feedback
NCLAT
MCA
My Gov
CPGRAMS
e-Gazette
Follow us at
Get in Touch
EPABX Board Number :
011-24664100
FAX Number :
011-20815022
Competition Commission of India
9th Floor, Office Block - 1, Kidwai Nagar (East),
New Delhi: 110023, India.
Accessibility Options
Disclaimer
Copyright Policy
Hyper Linking Policy
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Help
Copyright © 2026 Competition Commission of India, Government of India.
Website last updated on : 09/09/2026 |